2680 sensitive value changes showing output issue (#2693)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

ENHANCEMENTS:

* `tofu show` now supports a `-config` option, to be used in conjunction with `-json` to produce a machine-readable summary of the configuration without first creating a plan. ([#2820](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2820))

> * outputs changing from sensitive to insensitive now show output warning on plan that value is no longer redacted ([https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2693])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* changing an output from sensitive to insensitive now shows a warning during plan ([#2693](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2693))
```

Just a suggestion that hopefully will make the changelog reading easier for whoever is interested.
